Welcome back my students always said for us to start putting this actually in production.
Why not production but making sure this works 100 percent for us so I'm going to go ahead and move my
one of these to here because it's better.
OK.
So I'm
While we want to do if these roles were affected.
Let's go ahead and redirect somewhere right because once we make sure that our hash bash or something
was changed in the database
we can go ahead and redirect.
OK.
So I mean we could if we wanted to
I think we could load the user in by using the logging function if we want to do that right after the
day everything goes good because we have the user name right.
We're pulling the user name somewhere right here.
It's one of the reasons why I was thinking about pulling that but you know we don't have to waste time.
I want to actually redirect the user to the logon page just because I won a massive cheer saying something
like this and you can now log in go ahead and put your username and your password and log in.
I wanted to manually come and do it.
I think it's better than just having them are automatically logged in.
I don't know.
It's just my opinion.
So once something is affected there let's just redirect the user to the logon page.
Simple as that.
Log into the HP something.
OK.
If it's not effective and
we don't have I think it's going to stay on the same page.
This is back where this is just for us.
You can remove that if you want.
OK.
And you can just remove that.
That's for development purposes.
Now one thing that I want to do is I want to be able to I don't want to allow people to be here in this
form.
In the reset form just because they want to I want them to.
If they try to come here and they are now verify then to me get redirect to somewhere else.
So let's actually do that by blessing placing one of these variables on top here.
We're almost ready to take that out.
As a matter of fact we might do it in this lecture ballocks created verified very and said this too
falls
in let's go down all the way and let's create some type of a statement to.
We don't need this.
Something I was using to show this form or redirect somewhere else.
Let's just see what can we do about it.
All right.
I'm already recreating BHB taxing at it from way guys.
So if it's not verified.
OK.
Then I don't want to show that.
So where were we.
They just put that all the way down here somewhere.
We want to show any of these.
It's going to be and if and if
and if that's OK we're just missing this little semicolon here.
And let's just put an else statement here as well.
Just copying is BHB tax because my editor is not helping me with the autocomplete with the BHB tags.
I haven't set it up yet.
I think I had it one time and I took it off.
So let's just redirect Let's use a function here.
I love helper functions because they really allow us to write better code are they more organized so
logging that BHP great let's see if this works OK.
That variable right now is supposed to be full.
And it's supposed to be taking off somewhere else and it's not OK.
So let's check it out real quick if varify is false
show me to verify this.
I've not read that recked.
What am I missing here.
Let's go up here.
And these are code running.
That is the first question
OK.
Well we have to be fresh.
I think that's fresh here.
And in there.
Let's come back here.
Let's go here.
That's OK.
Let's are called completely.
And there's something I have to face here which is this guy here
hopes and this would be coming from the you or El.
And let's just put this before anything else here verified.
Oh you know what I'm forgetting and that's exactly what I was forgetting.
This verify when he just said it's a true song where we're not saying this to troll so it's not working.
So where are we going to be sending this.
Well it's it right here my ass you lie as an t close.
OK and verify.
OK.
And it would never it will never get to true.
Let's see.
Let's check it out real quick.
Let's see if it works.
So we set.
Now what I want.
And that's because the other one it's working
this so things here.
We need to change the e-mail
right here.
To reflect and get requests OK.
Let's see.
Good.
OK.
Oh another thing that I think I forgot to do is when we are in the forgot
when we are seeing this link here we've got three eights so that should be good now.
So let's actually try to application and see if we can make this work.
So courting faculty
ter
we've got the test e-mail when we click on it it's going to take it to take us to that page and we can
see that it's working when we reset the password.
Let's just put my name Antar and it's going to take us to log in as you can see.
So
that's fine.
We're redirecting to log in this very well here and then I was thinking about it's not it's getting
lost when something is change here.
OK.
When I mean when something is redirecting we are going to be losing this guy here.
This is not going to even get
get there OK.
So
in reality
let's do it again.
And you see come here
on faculty go check the e-mail come back here take on it.
We change our passwords.
Maria.
Maria Antar and we will get redirector here.
So I was not really doing much because we lose it there.
So I mean we can come up with something else but we really don't need it.
If we have this or can we really don't need this guy here OK.
So let's just take that state me out.
It's extra cold.
That's not really doing much.
It would be nice.
We will be.
We will be able to use it if we were actually logging in the user here.
And with some of the functionality that I had in my head but we're not doing that.
So let's finish this recording faculty.
And Maria was whoops and this is not working.
So we need to fix this
this and see what's going on in that logging page page ok and redirecting back here user name and password.
All
OK.
We should be logging the user Let's see if now that's supposed to be working right.
Works.
Debug this a little bit and see what what's going on here.
It works.
So we're getting value there.
It's just our log in function that it's
maybe I have the wrong user name.
So I'm going to try.
My name Edwin and that and work on Born to try.
Maria.
And that works ok.
I was just typing in the wrong name.
Sorry about that guys.
As you can see everything is working now.
And from everywhere you can think of we have a double admin area there that we need to fix so let's
get going.
Let's go to our navigation
and that's in the phone actually.
So we got to navigations here for some reason.
If it's low then we are going to see this.
Else we are going to see this guy
look at this guy here logo.
Oh we haven't checked our logo there on the top.
So let's check it out right now logout and he looks out.
That's cool isn't it.
So it looks like our application is finally working we can add more features and we will be adding more
features so stay tuned for that.
Guys I hope you enjoy this section where we are with our forgot password functionality.
Hope you learned a lot and we're going to be key.
We're going to keep adding more features and we're going to be creating more courses.
And thank you so much for those.
Those of you that support me all the time and write nice reviews and comments.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you.
And I'll see you in the next features.
Take care.